Q1: Why might we consider using Git?

Answer: Github is a Distributed VCS (Version Control System) that allows for
both collaborative work on a project and cloud storage of projects. Not only 
does it make it easy to share source code with others, but it also tracks all 
history, commits, and updates. This is helpful when working on projects with 
both multiple individuals, or just yourself, because you can track where and 
when something goes wrong, and still have access to prior code reverse it. 

Q2: What field could data science be applied to? Give an Example.

Answer: Data Science can be applied to almost any field involving the
processing for data. For example, I completed an AI/Machine Learning 
internship at the FDA, where we used data science methodologies, such as 
block design, simulation based data collection, alongside pandas and 
matplotlib, to conduct research on inner cranial brain hemorrhages in children.
This was a biomedical application, but there are plenty of retail or corporate 
applications of data science as well!


Q3: What is the difference between Merging and Rebasing?

Answer: 
Merging will put two branches next to each other, which makes it easy to see 
when a branch was merged, and keeps everyones commits intact. But, it can 
get messy and difficult to read, especially with multiple people on the branch.

Rebase takes the commits of the new branch and puts it on top of the other 
branch, rewriting the base. It keeps everything linear and clean, but it 
rewrites history, and can be confusing. You shouldn't rebase a branch that 
other people are using. 

Q4: What are you looking forward to this semester?

Answer: I am looking forward to filling in the gaps of my knowledge of Data
Science. My internship was a very confusing process, and I was thrown into 
a lot of new concepts. I can already tell this class will help me increase 
upon my understanding, since I didn't even realize I was doing things
like block design in my data collection. I look forward to gaining a full 
foundation for Data Science, that I can apply as my career moves forward. 